he stayed at the club carlos bianchi carlos reinoso the posada place you
he knows very well that he came first for mouth
the field with the ball as it will change in line r1 is comfortable with what
here
with the idea of ​​working I did not come with a try of a
to prepare the dreams and try to concretize the later
condemn as a boyfriend the coconut as the campus was placed one of the
boys
now the guy for many people to also talk with 112
they worked well
especially a player feels happy when it is a preseason and does not suffer
injuries
because the preseason is over
he cuts the pace of intensive work realizes that in the end
I was so late with your classmates and I know the good thing then
the player does not suffer any injury in the preseason is ideal
Matías Giménez entered very well in the group he was very happy very
agree with that to the mouth
conclusion the boy fusté take the institution that is improved
hey appreciate me
of the players that come feel comfortable because sometimes
the prodigious as a player resignation place and not
the environment is not good
they look at him out of the corner of their eyes
I believe that the one that has been accepted quickly aires
and if the opposition plus for the balance
it is looking very good to play young people from the campus the case mouche case
faycan
they are constantly rising the floor with a dirty job as they know it well
pp and psoe are players in the future of
your future and present
the goal of barcelona
saints boy left right is inferior and children
we have a lot of confidence in them
I lived here when you have concrete possibility what we expect from him
such amount
he claimed
very good bush between the other day and
according to review the party of Caesar
ware we are waiting for him to recover was a year unfortunately for him
very black today he suffered injuries problems
his father I have a lot of confidence in them
pacquiao the last carlos c that went to the people regarding the
negotiations are taking place I think that the club operates and that what was
recover
but it is known that we have carried forward according to activity 7
mendes
arauco sa
iranzo players that can give us a plus
but how
the people who own their club
he defends his practice a lot which is a logical thing
economically we can agree then that will continue
we keep looking to try to bring someone who can be
I can not give the team something that does not have
- many official txaly hours
to the